Scenario Name: Newbie Internship Search 

Marcus is a college student at UNC Charlotte pursuing his bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering. His interest in computer engineering came at a young age, Marcus is an avid gamer who has always been curious about the way computers operate. He is now entering his sophomore year and is ready to start exploring summer internship opportunities. Marcus has no experience or prior knowledge on how to begin the process of finding an internship. He has never had a job or even applied for a job, therefore he does not know what to expect entering his first job interview. This led him to PathFinder, because this website gives users tips on how to fix their resume and refine their interview skills.

Scenario Name: Experienced Senior

Stephanie is Senior at Queens University, studying art history. She considers her technical skills to be between beginner and average. She has used her computer throughout her college journey to do research and school work. Other than that she does not use her computer often. Stephanie has successfully landed multiple internships and jobs during college. She feels very confident with her interviewing skills and resume. Rather than just using Indeed she wants to make sure that she sees as many opportunities as she can before she selects a company to apply to. Stephanie heard that PathFinder has a vast job catalog.


Scenario Name: Ex-Military Returned to College

James is 33 years old, he retired from the military 3 years ago. After retiring from the military he decided to go to college and get his bachelor’s degree in Cyber Security. Now that he is a senior he is looking for employment. He has not needed to look for jobs for 10 years because he was in the military. He wants to use a website that will be very user friendly and intuitive. James is comfortable and confident with his technical skills, although he likes things to be simple.


Story 1:

As a rising sophomore with no previous job hunting experience, I want to be able to see a plethora of employers who are looking for summer interns. I also would like to be steered in the correct direction, learning what steps I need to take to improve my resume and interview skills.

Story 2:

As a senior with a decent amount of internship, and job experience, I would like to be able to sort through many employers and find the job title that best suits me. I would like to see a detailed job description and a list of requirements and qualifications needed to perform the job. 

Story 3:

As an early 30 year old college student, when looking for job opportunities, I want to be able to easily sort and filter the jobs that best fit my experience and expertise. I also would like information on average salaries for the job positions. 

